add note to kubectl port-forward (#25624)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/port-forward-access-application-cluster.md

    I0710 14:43:38.274797    3655 portforward.go:225] Forwarding from [::1]:7000 -> 6379
    ```

{{< note >}}

> `kubectl port-forward` will not return, needs to open another terminal window to continue with the exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kubectl port-forward` does not return. To continue with the exercises, you will need to open another terminal.
```
?

Author: Done.
